We created a game referring to a popular game 2048 created by Gabriele Cirulli1  and one of its variants, 2048 Cube Winner—Aim to Win Diamond. Instead of sliding the screens in the original 2048, the new numbers are added by pushing a new number to a column player selected from the bottom. When there are two identical numbers next to each other, they will combine to a new number that is the sum of them and be placed to the upper place if they arranged vertically and to the left if they arranged horizontally. If there are any spaces above a number, the number will be moved upward to fill the space. The number that will be added is randomly selected from a list called Choices. This list contains only 2, 4, and 8 at the beginning. When there is a new number being created by combination and it is larger than all the pervious numbers, a new number that is one half of the largest number will be added to the Choices list. We created our game with a field size of 6 by 6, and if any colums has more than 6 numbers,the game will end as the player lost.

We created a game in the style of 2048, a popular game created by Gabrielle Cirulli. The variant of 2048 we used is most similar to the 2048 Cube Winner Aim to Win Diamond. In the original version, numbers are slid across columns to form larger numbers. In our version, numbers are added by selecting a column and pushing a new number up from the bottom. When two identical numbers are next to each other, they will be added. Their sum will be stored in the leftmost or upmost location of the locations previously held by the original components. The numbers that will be added are randomly selected from a list that contains only 2, 4, and 8 at the beginning of a game. Half of the largest number is added to the list any time a new largest number is created through combination. We created our game with a field containing 6 rows and 6 columns. If any single column has more than 6 entries, the game will end and the player will lose. We also made a script to render the field at each frame for better visualization.”